first of all I want
invite you there in this chapter case
you have not read has a link
My female partner's registration
among them, besides the weekly chapter
You also have curiosities shorten 10
who will soon have comments here on
channel as well and also invite you to
meet my partner in finding more
points with the link is in the registration is only
you to use the discount coupon and
you find t-shirts how are you?
shirt that's very cool esa
Now I want to say something that maybe
many of you will not like it but it's the
my opinion and I also hope that you
about
I'm a fan of the environment if you fucking like it
much of a pool I'm fan of naruto
so damn
but for me making a comparison to
series has a damn fucking fuck
I would say it's nanuto guy well now this
new saga is interesting a forceps already
I'm boring, it 's known, I think.
that beauty is how it was always like the
history of a country but in my
It's a little nauseating since I
I think there's no where else I'm always at
I was at home I can not miss the
fucking guy who gave birth was apprehensive
thinking that he would not have anything else to know
now has avatar not see anyone else
not standard fuck as the staff of the
ferrari tale is happy times I am
I cheated
The tac barrel is the child's
it was fuck
did not have that thing in the end but
do after
but he was interesting because he
It opened a new concept was opening
a new saga was that thing that said
avatar was from balls of thimbles to
hope only served to show that they are
out of the athlete now start my friend
What did not you want me to find interesting?
it was a comment that did not even appear
There is a risk that everyone will see
it is the secret that only a master of the
village but now in the armpit and
troupe he already knows that the
wendy greyck and dilma
half a team where one goes the
others go too they are very idiots
Copom can not disguise the business
hidden but finally the comment that I
I found it very interesting, I think it was
even on the ferrari news I do not remember who
It was the person who apologized for not
remember the name but the staff commented
so the ranking is so much bigger secret than
ferrari I have the same wait
deflate but it was not too bright this
comment but I really enjoyed it
still trying to find out what the
potential Sunday because it was spoken
this episode of this episode in this
chapter a little about the minister what
she can do but did not talk like her
You can do more things, I find it very cool.
was the transfer of memories from the
master he can pass on memories and
today fuck that his memories and
guy is one thing that I found the bizarre
Count otta, it's because he wanted to.
to infiltrate the county as of the world
to catch it's a thing about the west
find out more about the
west and pass this data to Makarov
only as he saw that people were going
end up suspicious and decided to
His memory for them to cope well.
only a serious one had how to make him come back
to old memory then when
they found the drug he returned to the old
we would pass the macroalgae after it
I paid an hour again and came back
county as drummond
only that they were not so many times that they
met that shuffled the
the master's head and it's been a
he was believing that he was not
plus a master Dorothy infiltrator in the
county was now to give a boat that he
was to implant in the film has as master
and old was a lot of it drove and with
gossip I do not know what to say I do not
I can look at you, that's a nice cover.
Human what makes me think that all
he said how infiltrated it was true
especially the part where he was
disciple of the mixed gum and there it is
criterion beauty he was 5
ministry will be the potential of
mexico strength is he so fucking
When I'm mixed but then I'll tell
I was happy to see the reason for the
Master has finished airplane
I thought it was fear and not
was that I did not go but it was not for the reason
I thought he was afraid, yes but
not afraid to be weak in the fear of not
able to defeat others and not even
where to paralyze he was with
afraid that their children would be
injured that today this very very
fuck because he got that thing of
The bubble is there, we've already had a
invasion and everything else and are 730 pounds
included dark fields will hit
front with only one now we do not have
more advice to help us both
then blowing does the following goes every
one on your side is what I'm going to face
send the whole morning to let
it is fitting here that the country rises know it
said that he will face Alvarez
I just do not know you, but every time.
that I read that name apparently
I just thought about something barbaric going
to work out if something like this happened
died but anyway I liked this
chapter mainly to have shown
what was the reason makarov had
broken life and left isolated
but it seems the channel does not know nat
that surface
he does not seem to know that the staff
discovered that he was doing it
I would go there and help what is now going to be a
moment we will see what the
potential of a guild that
will face all other 730 pounds
what is the potential of gay in sweden wind
and even discloses how much they have evolved
and we'll see is also what I hope
a rapid development also takes place
because yes
the lady had an evolution the kitten
had an evolution line also with
sure had an evolution but rap did not
Night I want to see so I'm curious and
eager to see the next chapter and
You're curious, too, for the next one.
chapter leave your jewelry and if you are new
here on the channel sign up to see all
the reviews stay inside the entire
content if you already know this channel
want to see what happens behind it or
maybe just talk whatsapp side more
access the standard you will help the channel with
international card paypal you can
you can stop when you want
you want but the benefits you never
if you want to help anyway and only
through bank or
anything else
in fiction theory of vakinha point where
you will also have the benefits of tapping
there in the standard has the benefits in
Marquinhos has the benefits in the boss
how is a monthly thing a thing that
You'll contribute, there's another one.
more benefit than the little bit more
fifth on all the key benefits
then accesses 2 see what are the
benefits see if you want if you
can and will help the channel to improve
more on day 12 and 9mm front extension
I hope to see you leave until the next
video or even when you want done
again
Anyway, I'll record more often here.
because even though it never comes, I do not
I told you I got a
microphone I was going to make a video a day
in July, so you helped me
to compose the microphone and now to
videos and videos and more media and videos
videos more videos many more videos up
next video again so I have one
thing to talk
this shock